MYRES PRIVACY POLICY

MYRES respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website  Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes  of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.

You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.


COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:

Personal Data

Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us [when you register with the Site [or our mobile application,] or] when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site [and our mobile application], such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site [and our mobile application].

Derivative Data

Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site. [If you are using our mobile application, this information may also include your device name and type, your operating system, your phone number, your country, your likes and replies to a post, and other interactions with the application and other users via server log files, as well as any other information you choose to provide.]

Mobile Device Data

Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

By Law or to Protect Rights

If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Third-Party Service Providers

We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.

Marketing Communications

With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.


Online Postings

When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site  your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site [and our mobile application] in perpetuity.

Third-Party Advertisers

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site [or our mobile application]. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site [and our mobile application] and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.


Business Partners

We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.

SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.

OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION

[Account Information]

You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:

Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below


Emails and Communications

If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:

Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences.
Contacting us using the contact information provided below.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.


CONTACT US

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at

MYRES
[Phone Number]
[Email]


