MYRES TERMS AND CONDITIONS

The terms and conditions set forth below apply to your use of the MYRES Platform and by downloading and using the MYRES Platform to receive services from MYRES and/or via the MYRES Platform, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.

The MYRES Platform may only be used in accordance with these terms and conditions.



Users explicitly understand and agree that  MYRES Platform operate as a platform and service marketplace and facilitation and advertisement platform only, where any formal engagement or negotiation relating to the leasing of a property is exclusively the responsibility and liability of the Landlord and Tenant.


Use of the MYRES Website
MYRES grants you the right to  use and enjoy the MYRES Platform anywhere in the world, on a mobile device or internet-enabled device that you own or control, in accordance with these terms and conditions.


You may not, nor may you attempt to, modify, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the MYRES Platform.

Save for the limited rights provided to you in terms of these terms and conditions, you acquire no other rights whatsoever in the MYRES Platform.

The MYRES Platform, its software and operating systems, trademarks, copyrights, database of data and other intellectual property rights that relate to the MYRES Platform are owned by MYRES and/or by such licensor thereof as MYRES has received rights under licence. The intellectual property will never become owned by you.

When you use the MYRES Platform, you consent to receive communications from MYRES, in whatever form MYRES deems appropriate, including by telephone, short messaging services, electronic communication platforms and electronic mail.

You acknowledge that in order to use the MYRES Platform you will be required to complete MYRES’s online Profile application in respect of either Landlords or Tenants. You may only hold one Profile and that Profile may only be used by you for your own account.

You must notify MYRES immediately should any information which is recorded in your Profile change and you warrant that the information will remain accurate for the duration of your access to or use of the MYRES Platform.

You acknowledge that you are responsible for all activity and resultant costs on your Profile and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Profile username and password at all times. We will not be liable in any way for any loss or harm you suffer as a result of a breach of your responsibility to maintain the security and secrecy of these details.

Whilst MYREStries to manage the Platform and items thereon, we are not responsible for the complete verification or information detailed of any listings and/or locations made available by Landlords or our partners. Users must confirm all such information about a location/listing with the relevant third-party provider when engaging with them, including with our listed academic partners that we work with.

MYRES is in no way affiliated with the universities (where universities, just like conventional Landlords, remain independent user-Landlords on the Platform) unless explicitly specified otherwise on the Platform or through our advertising, where this relationship is not exclusive at any time.

MYRES will have the right in its sole and unfettered discretion to suspend or terminate your Profile, in which event your right to use the MYRES Platform will be suspended or terminated, as the case may be.

MYRES undertakes to process and store your information contained on your Profile in accordance with the law and will take reasonable steps to secure and protect your personal information. 

You acknowledge and consent to your User Data being disclosed to Landlords, Tenants or any third party for the purposes of managing the letting and/or leasing of the Leased Property, providing related services or for any other lawful purpose. 

You also acknowledge and consent to MYRES disclosing your User Data to any insurer, applicable regulator or other interested parties in the event that there is any complaint, dispute, conflict, loss, damage, death or injury arising from your use of the MYRES Platform.

 