MYRES COOKIE POLICY

What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. The cookie allows the website to "remember" your actions or preferences over time.

Most Internet browsers support cookies; however, users can set their browsers to decline certain types of cookies or specific cookies. Further, users can delete cookies at any time.

Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to learn how you interact with our content and to improve your experience when visiting our website. For example, some cookies remember your language or preferences so that you do not have to repeatedly make these choices when you visit one of our websites.  Additionally, cookies allow us to serve you specific content, such as videos on our website. We may employ the learnings of your behavior on our website to serve you with targeted advertisements on third-party website in an effort to “re-market” our products and services to you.

What types of cookies do we use?

Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used to remember you during the course of your visit to the website, and they expire when you close the web browser.

Persistent Cookies
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within the website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. We use these cookies to analyse user behavior to establish visit patterns so that we can improve our website functionality for you and others who visit our website(s). These cookies also allow us to serve you with targeted advertising and measure the effectiveness of our site functionality and advertising.

How do I reject and delete cookies?
You can choose to reject or block all or specific types of cookies set by virtue of your visit to the MYRES website by clicking on the cookie preferences on our website. You can change your preferences for MYRES website and/or the websites of any third party suppliers by changing your browser settings. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies. Therefore, if you do not wish cookies to be used, you may need to actively delete or block the cookies. If you reject the use of cookies, you will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not work correctly. You may also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies generally. By using our website without deleting or rejecting some or all cookies, you agree that we can place those cookies that you have not deleted or rejected on your device.

